[io] update TFile docu about kReproducible bit (#4286)
root-project/root: README/ReleaseNotes/v620/index.md

## I/O Libraries

* TMemFile: Apply customization of minimal block size also to the first block.

> * TFile: For testing purposes one could enable TFile::kReproducible flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TFile: A new bit `TFile::kReproducible` was introduced. It can be enabled by
```

>   specifying "reproducible" url option when creating file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specifying the `"reproducible"` url option when creating the file:
```

   ```{.cpp}
      TFile *f = TFile::Open("name.root?reproducible","RECREATE","File title");
   ```{.cpp}

>    Content of such file should always have same binary content when writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Unlike regular `TFile`s, the content of such file has reproducible binary content when writing
```

>    exactly same data. This achieved by writing pre-defined values for creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   exactly the same data. This is achieved by writing predefined values for creation
```

   and modification date of TKey/TDirectory objects and null value for TUUID

>    objects inside TFile. As drawback TRef object stored in such file cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   objects inside TFile. As drawback, TRef objects stored in such file cannot be
```

>    read correctly. This feature dedicated for testing of ROOT I/O functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   read correctly.
```

@pcanal was "for testing purposes only" a safety latch for this change that you required, to reduce the extent of its usage? I think the flag's description is clear enough that adding "for testing purposes only" sounds not convincing: if people want it they will use it even outside the testing context.
